My name on this platform of Kar 247 is
Ankur Goswami.  So friends, first of all, in the
job update job interviews that I am bringing,
I will tell you that today's
interview is in ICIC LBD company, which is
your LBD insurance company.
Basically there is job opportunity here.   We will
discuss about this.  There are
jobs available in many cities.  First of all
remember this is for freshers
and also check out my thumbnail.  It is also
clearly written that ICICI Lombard is hiring
freshers.  Ok.  Let's talk further.  Before
knowing about this video,
before knowing about this session, friends, I would just like to say
that you should follow this channel.
Subscribe to this channel on this platform.
Reason you know I have
n't gotten to them yet.  There are still many people
who are unable to get jobs.  So
unless you like and subscribe to it,
it is not going to grow.  This is to
grow the channel.  We have to reach those people.
Yes, I agree that I can
see your love and your efforts.  We are growing slowly.
But a little more speed is needed.  We have to
reach people as soon as possible.  Right?  And
friends, you must go and watch the live section and playlist.
If still you are
not getting the job, I request you to
connect with me.  You will have to work on
your resume yourself.  Right?  Do
n't leave a comment.  You connect with me.
Because nothing will happen by commenting.  Do you
think you will get a session by commenting?  This
cannot happen.  Right?  You can connect with me
through Lindin, through Telegram.
Ok?  So I will definitely talk to you.  I
will give you the session.  All right.  Let's talk further.  First of all, I would like to
say that
you should quickly subscribe to the channel.  Let's
talk further.  Let's say
this is the inbound voice for the customer relationship manager.
Look, there are many jobs available in Indore.
What is in the ICICI Lomb?  First of all let us
look at Indore.  Friends, there is nothing to do in Indore.
You have to
go for the interview by doing a direct interview.   There
is a walk in interview.
The interview will be held from 19th to 28th August.  Go for the interview
and the interview will be held in Indore.  This is for your
customer relationship manager, i.e., inbound
voice.  Here experience ranging from zero to 4
years is required.  Freshers
are eligible.  The package is from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2.5 lakh.
That means you will get a salary somewhere between Rs 15, 16,000 to Rs
18, 20, 22,000.
Plus incentives are given separately.
All right.  What is your work here?  Look, let me see the
work you have.
What should I see first?  Must have good communication skills in
English and Hindi.  Right?   One should know how to
speak English and Hindi.  Your
typing speed should be 30 to 30 to 40
words per minute.  You should have skills like speaking, walking
, presenting and convincing.
These are the basic things.  And if you are from Indore then
definitely go for the interview.  Right?  I have said earlier also
that I am considering small cities
and bringing interviews
for them.  So whatever I find, whatever I search for, whatever I find
, I come and make a video
after doing research.  Alright, let's see
where else the interviews are.
Son is also in Jaipur.  Go to Jaipur also and
apply for it.  The internship is in operations.
Look, I have given this page of ICS Labrador in the
description below.
Open the page.  You will get everything.  Right?   There
are different vacancies.  There are many different
profiles.  Internship operations are
also going on in Delhi for this.  You
can apply.  Hiring HR
Recruiter ICC Lombard Vasi which is
also your location in Mumbai.  Ok?
Opportunity has also come up in Operations Internship Guwahati.  Those who are fresh
graduates are eligible.
Remember, when it comes to banks and finance companies
, BFSI,
graduation is mandatory in them, friends.
Right?  The second most important thing is that
if we talk about your salary, then the
salary can be from Rs 15,000 to Rs 202000.
If you are doing an internship, then the
salary may be a little less,
but internship is a
good opportunity for those who are freshers, graduates, and have just completed their graduation.
And let's talk further.   It
is also in Bhubaneswar.  It is also in Bengaluru,
friends.  Five Days Working Customer Service
profile is for Mumbai location.  Located
in Chennai and Coimbatore.  ICC Lamb's
Internship for Trainee.  Customer
Relationship Manager is also coming in Mumbai.
So wherever it is written Customer Relationship Manager,
there you have your walk in interview.   You will go and
give that walk-in interview.
Like he told about Indore, he told about Mumbai.
We have just shown two.  You can see the complete details.  After
checking, apply for it and
go for the interview.  All right.  Then
after that there are Customer Relationship Managers
in Thane and Navi Mumbai.  And let's see, the
sales manager is also here on the Goa side.
Development Relationship
Manager Health Agency IC Lomard in North Goa has
given you opportunity in Dhanbad also.
Remember these are only for freshers,
experience is also asked for here at some places.  Please note that it is
not that everyone is a fresher.   There are
freshers in all.  You see,
talk about Dhanbad.  This is the relationship manager.  I have
said this before friends, relationship manager is
not mostly for freshers.
Right?  Like above there was Customer Relationship Manager
, internship so those freshers can apply.
But if I talk about this,
I am talking about the health agency manager.  At
least one year of
experience will be required here.  So this is the
opportunity, you are a fresher.
More opportunities are coming your way.  Please do apply.  I
will just say this.  Do complete research.
Look at it carefully.  Wherever there is nothing written like fresher or
fresher experience,
put it there.  Go there and apply.
Go to Indore and Mumbai and give the walk-in interview
and prepare well.
Work on your skills well.  Friends, I
will say it again and again, I will always say it, I will say it every time.
Look, I want good.  I don't wish you any
harm.  Right?  You
can tell me this means something to me, it's not like
I just randomly came to this and
started making videos on YouTube.  It's been
3 months.  I have been
uploading videos of job updates for the last 3 months.  Remember I did
not upload job videos for the last 3 months before this.
Before this I used to teach you.
But not many people are interested in studies.
People don't
want to read.  People just want to know about the job.
So I thought okay friend, I have to know
about the job.  I will give
you a job.  Now I try to
get jobs and give jobs pan India.  Friends, I am
saying again, join me.
Seek career guidance.  If you have any concern, if you have
messaged me before, I am
not reverting the message, so please
message me again, I will message you again, all my messages
etc. have been reset once again,
I would like you to message me if you have
ever done so before, right, and come and apply for this,
make a good resume,
go to the description and see it carefully, a
video is given on how to make a resume, right, a
video is given on how to apply for the job, if you
want to become a sales officer in Axis Bank, a
separate form is given for that, if you
want to become a deputy manager in Axis Bank.  Must have 6 months
experience.  A separate
form has been given for it.  If you want to go to Kotak Mahindra Bank Mumbai Police
Station, want to join
as an Assistant Manager, a separate
form has been given for that.  So all these forms are given.
You fill it after careful consideration.  Right?   Do
n't blame anyone.  Fill it after seeing it.
Keep working on your skills.  Friends, please
go to my description and watch all the videos.
Ok?
Apply here.  I will keep bringing more job updates.
I am there for all of you.  And
if you have any concern about me, please instead
of commenting, it is better to connect with me directly.
You will not get any session by commenting if you need any guidance
etc. from me.  Ok?  Come on, thank you so much.
Thanks a lot friends.  See you
in the next job update.  Take care of yourself.
Keep working on your skills.